[13.0][ADD] purchase_batch_invoicing_advanced (#1)
solvosci/slv-account: purchase_batch_invoicing_advanced/readme/ROADMAP.rst

> * Replace the error message with an order grouping with the order types

Reviewer: Better this:
```suggestion
* Prevent user error message implementing order grouping with the order types
```

And `README.rst` file should be regenerated
